Updated reporting docs (#23616)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/reporting.md

1. **Preview** the report to make sure it appears as you expect. Update if necessary
1. Select the layout option for generated report: **Portrait** or **Landscape**.  
1. Enter scheduling information. Options vary depending on the frequency you select.

>    * Weekly/Daily/Hourly - schedules the report to be sent on desired intervals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Weekly/Daily/Hourly - Schedules the report to be sent at the desired interval.
```

   * Never - Never sends the report. This is handy while setting up and testing reports. It also gives an option to pause sending a report without deleting it.

> 2. **Save** the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Save** the report.
```
